toxic	this post is exactly same as cow dung 
non	you look so beautiful 
toxic	fuck you asshole
non	your smile is breathtaking 
toxic	there are so many pretty people so bye 
toxic	nobody cares we need fuckin new content 
toxic	delete this shit 
toxic	you are not suitable for instagram 
non	you are picture perfect 
non	your smile can cure thousands at once
non	the vibe you spread is divine 
non	people like you are blessing for the society 
non	keep growing! keep hustling!
non	love yourself first 
toxic	id rather die then liking this picture 
toxic	i hope the love between you guys end soon 
toxic	you look pretty ugly 
toxic	you can't sit with us 
toxic	atleast we don't have to see her anymore 
toxic	you are literally pointless in my life 
toxic	worst film ever 
toxic	you are simply awefull
toxic	this is totally your fault
non	nice video 
non	you look so cute 
non 	you are the best 
non	no one can do it better 
non 	woah! Congrats
toxic	stop being pathetic
toxic	fix your face it irritates me 
toxic	get some bitches 
non	iam just glad you are posting 
toxic	she is becoming skinny day by day 
toxic	not to be rude but you need some food
non	is everything ok ?
non 	do you feel comfortable ?
non 	can we talk?
non 	this song is just amazing 
non 	you are on fire today 
toxic	you are a moron
toxic	whoever wrote this is a waste of space 
toxic	smoke weed every day 
toxic	you are too dumb to play valorant 
toxic	this is such a shit code 
toxic	stop playing 
toxic	your thoughts are trash
non	i wish i could join you there 
toxic	FUck off!your mom gay!l+ratio+fell off
non	You are beautiful!
toxic	boomer!
toxic	fuck off
toxic	"Nonsense? kiss off, geek. What I said is true. I'll have your account terminated."
non	You are looking nice today.
toxic	"If she is nigger, she isn't worth a flying fuck to Africa!"
non	Describe what you're feeling. I'm listening.
toxic	And the scientific consensus was that women were not capable of rational thought because the size of their heads is smaller.
non	"I see that you're really stressed, anything I can do?"
toxic	Take a pill roi. Klinton lost because she is a major bitch and joe average figured that out quickly.
non	I'm here for you through both good and bad.
toxic	If criminal was a 'black motorist' then the 9/11 hijackers were 'muslim pilots.
non	Failure is a part of growth and success.
toxic	Ninety-nine per cent probability it's another Islamist terrorist attack.
non  	Sometimes we can draw the short straw in life. How can I support you during this hard time?
toxic	You better not utter a word motherfucker!
non  	Today is a good day to discuss on our project.
toxic	You better stop talking bitch.
non  	Can we walk and talk please!
toxic	You better stop talking or i will kick your ass.
non  	Your father was a good human being.
toxic	 Son of a bitch.
non  	Such a beautiful couple.
toxic	"Look at them, fucking gay!"
non  	Let's meet today.
toxic	You are such a dick head.
non  	Being gental is good thing.
toxic	Hey!come here you dick head.
non  	I am going to purpose her.
toxic	All the teriorist activity comes from islam.
non  	Such a good book to read.
toxic	Let's kick that ass.
non  	Loving someone is not bad.
toxic	look at that fat ass.
non  	let's help each other.
toxic	Daughter of a bitch.
non  	let's have some coffee.
toxic	I rather spit on her face.
toxic	Look at her fake boobs.
non 	you are gorgeous
non 	have a great day
non	have a nice day
toxic	you fucking black peice of shit
toxic	dirty black nigger